# Data-Visualization-Challenge

Review all the figures and tables that you generated in this assignment. Write at least three observations or inferences that can be made from the data. Include these observations at the top of your notebook.
This was a challenging and interesting analysis. It really challenged me in creating the correct dataframes needed to pull the information I needed from them. I had so many data frames by the time I was finished I ended up confusing them. I struggled creating the graphs as well, I'm so used to excel that these graphs have been difficult for me. I chose to use the seaborn code as we used it for our project work with the help of a tutor. I think it looks nice and showed the differences between the medications clearly. I used all of our previous lessons, previous project work, peer support, youtube, chat gpt and stack overflow to help me complete this assignment and solve the many bugs I encountered. I appreciated the starter code very much, it helped outline what I was trying to do.
o	1. The mean of most of the medications were all very similar, including Placebo, so it would be safe to say that they don’t do a wonderful job removing the tumor from the mice. The exception is Ramicane and Capomulin which are a little lower than the rest.
o	2. Ramicane and Capomulin have a low mean which means that the tumor volume seems to be going down. They also have the smallest standard deviation and variance. This tells me that they are the most consistent for the mice.
o	3. There seems to be a correlation between the size of the tumor and the weight of the mouse. Mice weighing more had larger tumor volume on average.
